So how do we now push our local commits
to this remote Repository?
Well, for this we have the Git Push command.
However, if you execute it like this, you get an error.
You get an error that the current branch
has no upstream branch, which simply means
Git doesn't know which branch in the remote Repository
belongs to this local branch.
And keep in mind, here, I'm on this main branch.
Now, in order to establish a connection
between these branches, we can execute this command.
Alternatively, if it's a one-time push,
and you don't want to establish such a connection
you can also simply run "Git push origin."
So here, you simply reuse this identifier,
which we specified before, and then after that
you specified the name of the local branch
that should be pushed to this remote Repository,
and then there it will target a branch of the same name.
And if this doesn't exist yet in the remote Repository
it will create that branch.
So when I run "Git push origin main" for the first time,
this will create a main branch in this remote Repository,
and push my commits of my local main branch
to that remote main branch.
However, still if I execute this,
I get an error, a permission error.
And if you think about it, that should make sense.
How would GitHub know that the person pushing here
does have access permissions?
We know that it's our Repository,
but what if I had a link to your Repository?
I could simply push to it and override your code.
And getting that link here isn't difficult
because this link can be grabbed by everyone
who visits your Repository page.
If you take a look at this link,
it's also not too difficult to construct
because it's essentially the URL up here
with .git at the end.
So this link is definitely not secret.
Everyone can grab it and the offer by default
you have no permission to push to that Repository.
How do we then authenticate ourselves?
Well, one common way is to set up this remote connection
slightly differently.
We still grab that link here, but now we use
"Git remote set-URL," so we use this command
to edit the URL of our origin remote Repository.
And in front of the word GitHub.com,
in front of this part of the URL,
you add your GitHub username
which you chose when you created this account,
this GitHub account, and then an @ sign thereafter,
and this will tell GitHub that whenever you are interacting
with that Repository, this user here should be assumed.
This will then still not be enough
but it will be a first step.
Of course, we could also done this when we added the origin
but I wanted to show you this permission error.
That's why I'm now using the set-URL command
to update the origin URL.
So if I do this and I then repeat this
"Git push origin main" command, I get a prompt here
in Visual Studio Code to enter a password.
If you're not using Visual Studio Code,
you might also get this prompt in the terminal here
in your command prompt.
And here we should use a so-called personal access token
to authenticate this request.
The username alone is not enough
and it's a good thing that it's not enough,
instead, we also need a password.
And this personal access token can be created here
in your GitHub account, by clicking on your profile image
and going to settings.
And there you got a lot of things you can configure.
It's definitely worth diving into all these settings
and looking through them,
but we need to go to developer settings here.
And under developer settings,
we have to go to personal access tokens,
and there we must generate a new token.
Now, you can give this any name of your choice,
and you can choose how long it should be valid.
And then you must check repo here.
This means that this token can be used for actions,
for commands that target repositories,
like pushing or pulling.
If you choose this and you fill out these fields
as mentioned, you can ignore all the other settings,
you can generate that token
and now you must copy that token.
You will only see this token once, by the way,
but you can always generate a new token if you lose it.
But with this token copied now,
you can paste it into this field or into the command prompt
wherever you are prompted for it, and hit enter.
And typically, your operating system should automatically
store this token
so that it's automatically used for future requests.
So now once a valid personal access token was provided,
you see here that the push succeeded
and we get some summary output.
If you go back to your Repositories by going back to GitHub,
your Repositories, and then that Repository,
you now also see that that code is here,
and that's how you can push your code
to your GitHub Repository.
Now, as mentioned before always type in,
"This command can be cumbersome and this doesn't work yet."
Therefore, you might want to copy this suggestion here.
This command to configure a strict connection
between your remote Repository and its main branch,
and your local main branch.
If you run this command here, it's thereafter enough
to just run Git Push to push your changes
off the main branch to the remote Repository.
In this case, nothing is pushed
because I haven't changed anything locally.